1. Aussies morally defeating England even when they aren't in the game, by playing 3 maidens in the home of BazBall.
Woke captain Cummins strikes again.
2. If I had a pound for every slope or cocaine joke that's been made, I'd be able to buy a line of coke long enough to cover the slope at Lords.
3. Smudge is such a competitor he creates opposition with the bloke who moves the sight screen.
4. What the hell would Konstas and Boland talk about?
"Hey Scotty you got Snapchat?"
"Mate I own a flip phone."
5. Matthew Hayden is clearly hiding something under his comically oversized cowboy hat. Is it:
a. Sandwiches
b. Cocaine
c. His 4 brain cells
d. The Lords slope
e. All of the above
6. Sam Konstas looks like Rabada's dealer.
7. Rabada of all people should be able to find the white line.
8. Starc and Cummins batting is so strange — whichever one of them bats at 8 is awful and then the other one comes in at 9 and scores loads.
Then they swap positions and the same thing happens.
9. Can't wait for them to say Smith has a concussion and that they're subbing in Boland for him.
10. Hazlewood with Australia batting coach:
Coach: So this one you can get on the front foot and drive or —
Hazlewood: I play cut
Coach: Or l—
Hazlewood: I. Play. Cut.
11. I think the dew was just English tears
12. That ball spun them all the way on a plane back to England
13. Picture this: Madras, 1983. India at 0/2, and in walks Sunil Gavaskar. Viv Richards, with that iconic swagger, looks at him and says, "Man, it doesn't matter where you come in to bat, the score is still zero." Classic Viv, making even a crisis moment sound cool!
14. County cricket, 1986. Greg Thomas bowls a perfect delivery to Viv Richards, missing the edge by a whisker. "You know what it looks like, Viv?" he says. Next ball? BOOM! Out of the ground! "Greg," says Viv, "you know what it looks like. Go ahead and find it!" The swagger of the King!
15. Mutual fund guy is not interested in mutual funds. He actually says "sahi hai" to have his friend shut the fuck up and move to a different topic
16. if kohli hits a century. i am changing my tires to mrf
17. So once Kohli overtakes Tendulkar's record, will they swap out that statue with a giant MRF tyre?
18. Shreyas Iyer likes women in sarees because he hates Short skirts
19. Tik Tok and Tuk Tuk
Iyer well versed with both.
20. Other people fall in love
Shreyas falls Short
21. The most chaotic cricket moment ever? Bomber Wells' four-runners fiasco! Both batsmen had runners, but Wells forgot he had one. Result? Both batsmen AND both runners ran, all ending up at one end. The umpire's solution? "One of you buggers is out. I don't know which. You decide and inform the bloody scorers!" Cricket's version of a sitcom!
22. Jason Gillespie's horse celebration is legendary! After scoring a half-century for Australia against New Zealand, he rode his bat like a horse across the pitch. The celebration was so iconic, it's still talked about in cricket circles today. Sometimes the best moments are the unplanned ones!
23. Billy Bowden, cricket's most theatrical umpire, once pulled out a red card in a T20 match! When Glenn McGrath bowled an underarm delivery as a joke, Bowden responded with a football-style red card, sending everyone into fits of laughter. Cricket meets football in the most hilarious way!
24. Lou Vincent's pants-falling moment is pure comedy gold! During a boundary-saving dive, his trousers decided to make a break for it, creating one of cricket's most unexpected and hilarious moments. Sometimes the best entertainment isn't in the cricket, but in the wardrobe malfunctions!
25. Ajit Agarkar's single-run celebration is the stuff of legends! After a long drought without scoring, he finally got a single and celebrated like he'd hit a century - bat raised high, soaking in the crowd's energy. Proof that in cricket, sometimes the smallest achievements bring the biggest joy!
26. JUST IN: The Australia v England World Cup cricket match will be replayed after Johnny Bairstow complained that it's not in the spirit of cricket to be given out first ball
27. I have an idea to calm down this whole Shakib vs Mathews thing. Why doesn't Shakib simply gift Mathews a watch as a friendship gesture? Maybe set an alarm to ring every two minutes to remind him of their friendship?
28. Can someone check that SL understand it's 2 minutes to get to the crease, not 2 minutes AT the crease?!
29. So the match finally happens and Australia wins the match
Suddenly India shouts out - But we beat all the other teams, we deserve the trophy
Australia - So did we, India
Umpire - Hmm, this calls for a tiebreaker
So ICC, what do the rules say?
ICC - In such cases the winners of the previous WC gets the trophy
England win the trophy yet again
30. India men's team are so passionate about ODI that even their PM is called Men's ODI (MODI)
31. I think Ashwin always has an unfair advantage, because whenever he's bowling, that means he's not the one fielding in the deep
32. I successfully robbed a bank yesterday thanks to Ben Duckett and BazBall, this is my success story
Before I heard of BazBall I used to just go and stand in the corner of a bank hoping the cashier would just give me the money. But after looking at the attacking cricket Bazball , something inspired in me.
This time I went to the bank armed, mask on the face clocked that old bitch at the reception right in her stupid mouth and then wrote an article for the daily mail right after it.
The security shot me 5 times, but I remembered be aggrievsive I started blind rushing the cashier and stole his Parker Pen, after that I blacked out and fell to the ground.
Now I'm in the hospital the doctors say I have a few days to live before I succumb to my wounds. But I believe I've changed the way banks are robbed, Before this I had gone to the bank 17 times and come out empty handed each time, one time I even deposited some money in the bank.
But adoption Bazball has flipped my records upside down.
Thanks Ben ( Duckett and Stokes) {not you foakes}
33. Root's self-discipline really reminding me of Sachin, who famously also didn't play a single reverse scoop during his 241* at the SCG.
34. The Anderson-Tendulkar Trophy: Named after Corey Anderson and Arjun Tendulkar, truly the two greatest all-rounders of all time. (No, really!)
35. They brought in Nair and Thakur just to maintain the weight distribution of the team after Rohit left. Balance is everything!
36. I always feel like I have a bad haircut, but then I see Siraj and suddenly, I feel a lot better about mine.
37. Pant and Rahul batting together is like watching an addicted gambler and a fixed deposit guy play side by side. Wild and steady, all at once!
38. Looked up at the sky and saw some beautiful blue and light clouds. Too bad I'm in Bangkok, but I'm sure Leeds is basically the same, right?
39. Crawley really looking out for Bumrah's fitness by refusing to let him bowl another over. True cricket respect! 
40. Creepy: you sure that wasn't a no ball?
Umpire: Yes, I'm sure.
Creepy: That it was a no ball?
Umpire: No, it wasn't a no ball.
Creepy: But if he had overstepped, it would've been a no ball, wouldn't it?
Umpire: Fck off, please.
41. If Root doesn't scoop one for 6 soon, I think the most moral thing to do would be for Stokes to have a discussion with the umpires. He would offer to subtract Root's score from England's total.
When there's insufficient buy-in to Bazball, you don't want to win in that way. Root should be ashamed of himself and his runs shouldn't count.
42. Robinson is a perfect replacement for Rehan. Can score some important runs in lower order & bowls fast spin
43. Ollie Robinson looks like Taylor swift and bowls like Sourav Ganguly. What a strange combo
44. Robinson doesn't just look like a blonde chick .. he bowls like one .. great Dobby doblies ..
45. Colonial mindset, making a brown man (bashir) do all the work
46. Stokes averaging 19 this series isn't bad when you consider he's just here as a specialist captain and 95% of his day is just telling Bashir to bowl another over
47. Dead set tests in England are just bowl with the ball for the first 10 overs and then spending the next 10 harassing the umpire until the turd Dukes ball doesn't fit though the ring
48. The essence of Bazball really seems to be about creating as many scenarios as possible where its justifiable to just bowl endless bouncers
49. Bazzball is all about surprising the opposition.  With that in mind England should bring back Foakes, keep Smith and have them alternate keeping each over.  Full kit swaps should also keep the over rates nice and low.
50. News: Ben Ducket has been seen kicking buckets after the match. He is frustrated that there are no penalties "awarded" to England in this series. As everyone knows he wants to be in difficult position and then win. He even used to thank the opposition for screwing the England team as they made the match challenging for them ( though went on to loose it)
51. Had a few beers but Bashir has some height on him. Bloke must have a high release point.
52. Pope seems a natural choice for a nighthawk appointment seeing as he looks like a cat being subjected to waterboarding when he starts his innings
53. Just send in pant next if jaiswal gets out... We can't afford to lose our momentum and the way the ball is spinning Kohli will play 30 balls and get out with a Pikachu face
54. We are lucky Ben Duckett taught Yashashwi how to play cricket
55. Murali is better used at the ground, standing next to the boundary. Between drinks breaks he can come in, fielding captains can shine the ball on his head and continue proceedings.
56. Somebody get Tamim away from Murali. I feel bad for Tamim, he doesn't deserve this punishment.
57. Sanjay manjrekar, Murali Karthik & Athar Ali Khan walk into a bar...
.
.
.. and everyone else walks out.
58. 'Unlucky to be out in the manner'
This is what I love about cricket, it opens you up to so many different cultures.
I had no idea that in Urdu, 'unlucky' means 'incredibly fckng daft'.
59. English Players and thier a mode of transportation
Zach goes Crawling
Bentley Duckett
Ollie ziplines across a Rope
Jetpack Joey-ride Root
Harry Books a cab
Jam-me in the trunk of your car Smith
Brydon's Car's
Bus Atkinson
Chris Boats
Car-Jack leach
Shoaib Bus-heer
60. I can't think of any other person that could go so well with the name "duckett". If you look at duckett's face, it screams his name like his name can't be anything other than "duckett"
61. The fact that Marnus's surname is Labuschagne not Lambuschagne is good. He is not tall
62. "What a difference the lights make, suddenly it's a lot brighter"
Thank you for your insight as always, SunnyG
63. Kohli must be feeling this like a home away from home, not because of the chinnaswamy I mean, it's the rainy conditions like in England.
/S
64. Tilak heard on stump mic saying F word. 1 match ban for Harshit Rana see you in Adelaide
65. Steve Smith is a cheat.  Do not trust that man.  The other day I am selling washing machine on Facebook marketplace he said he wanted to buy it.  He drove up and asked to test it.  After that he said "cool let me get the money from the car" and he drove off with his clean laundry.
66. The most infuriating thing about Bazball is this opening partnership. A nepo baby who averages like 27 in county cricket and plays everything with hard hands, and a bloke who drives anything and everything outside off. And also, it works.
67. Bangar really starts a sentence not knowing where its going to lead him. Its like watching a trainwreck.
68. Wow Bangar is a decent coach but man cant even pronounce correctly for being a commentator, and pairing him with Sanju Manju is showing match stick to a dumpster filled with sewer grease
69. One Sanjay is already too much to handle in the comm box. 2 is just straight up ear rape.
70. i will personally pay money to get manju off the commentary
71. Love how Sanju introduces the third guy when Bangar and he himself are in the same room. As if they are gonna let the him talk.
72. How many times do you expect Elgar to look like a schoolboy facing his first ball ever before getting to his 50 off 150 balls today?
73. how to mute only sanju manju
74. Both the Sanjus should be trapped in a room of mirrors for as long as possible
75. Why are so many SA commentators working so hard at jinxing us, when they can simply sit back and watch Sanju Manju doing it himself.
76. I support India but this sanju needs to stop idolizing and just brag about indian excellence.
77. Markaram is here. Waiting for Tukaram and Bhide.
78. Bro there is a change of inning why no change in comm box
79. Somebody sit Bangar down and make him drink some water
80. Every now and then I think about important questions in life: what is the true meaning of life? What is happiness? Is Dean Elgar really good or really shithousing his way in batting?
81. Just give a single to this guy Elgar, he will miss and edge 90% of the ball and still never get out that MF.
82. This is all a Charade it's an act, he pretends that he has no idea what's going on and that he's getting hurt or that he's missing the ball just to throw us off
83. Off course Elgar will play like Kachra from Lagaan but somehow will survive and still score runs.
84. I would pay millions for kohli to come up to the stump mic and say "I recommend MRF zlx for sheer comfort and long life"
85. Shardul is bowling well, which means he is not going to get wickets
86. Time for the MCC to update the laws to include magic bail swap as a mode of dismissal
87. Everything I think of more awful way of saying awfully, I can happily say sanjumanju
88. Ah Cricket.
The only sport where weather, geography, luck, toss and black magic play a more role that ge athletes on the field
89. i kid you not, i know sanju manju's voice better than my own at this point
90. Are these both Sanjays here to just pleasure each other or what
91. Who is this commentator? Mans making my ears bleed -_-
92. "Match delayed due to third umpire getting stuck in lift"
Australia vs Pak
93. josh hazlewood getting revenge after all these years
94. Bad lift stopped play.
95. So now we've seen play stopped due to bees swarming the ground, pollution, excessive fog on the ground, stupid idiots running onto the ground and now umpire getting stuck in the lift. Is there anything left now
96. India vs NZ 2019 ODI where sunlight from a specific angle stopped play.
97. We even had play stopped due to 45 yard circle not being drawn. Happened in recent (2023) India vs WI T20I series.
98. Nathan Lyon once set the Allan Border Field smoke alarms off making toast during a Qld vs NSW shield match and the whole ground had to be evacuated until the fire brigade cleared the area.
99. Pakistan: yo, you got the balls right?
NZ: why the fck would visitors get the balls?
Pakistan: aight, be right back
100. I randomly remembered that yesterday the Hindi panel said Elgar was batting like a dean of a college because his name is Dean, and words can hardly express the disappointment and disgust I felt hearing that level of dogshit commentary. Imagine if you will, the picture of Mourinho taking his headphones off in disgust
101. Somebody please check on my guy Sanju and get him some water..
102. Somebody should stop Sanju Manju
103. I don't think that SA understand how cricket sessions work.
Lunch is traditionally served 2 hours into the day. Yet, today, just 80 minutes into the day, South Africa have presented India with a Burger.
Baffling behaviour.
104. sanjay really said, umpire is out of form
105. I think if you told markram after the toss he would be a batting in third session of the day he would be delighted.
106. DraftKings should have number of falls per bowler so I could make some money out of Wood.
107. Spirit of cricket 2024 goes to India, for ensuring Hartley and Rehan are the only guys to get to a century
108. Imagine if Root completely loses his batting form and becomes a full time bowler. Like a reverse-Smith
109. England started The Hundred so no India batter could get one. Genius from the ECB
110. **murali karthik had a mission in his life for NO MATCHUP KP**. dont say an offspinner should bowl left hander , murali will give you choke slam
111. there is a fine line between Bazball and stupidity, there is no umpire's call with this line
112. Kp making some sense on the commentary is not what I expected
113. Great milestone from Ashwin.
Really solidifies himself in the top 3 spinners in the world behind Todd Murphy and Joe Root
114. Jimmy Anderson looks like a middle aged dad who just discovered modern fashion and now always stays I'm baggy jeans
115. Stokes has agreed to allow Mural Karthik to replace Ashwin and save the viewers from his commentary
a moral victory I can get behind
116. Iyer resented that people thought he was weak against short bowling so he practiced hard to become weak against every type of bowling. That's what we call working on your weaknesses.
117. Ashwin begins his 21st over, searching for his 501st wicket. He stops midway through his delivery stride, attempting to Mankad Duckett who is now unbeaten on 250 not out
Duckett laughs, pulls a mango lassi from his pocket and pours it on Ashwins head
118. Best performances by England so far are -
3. Duckett 150
2. Pope 190
3. Playing victim card on visa (which backfired tho)
119. If Akash Deep is considered a bowling allrounder with 1 FC fifty and a batting average of 12, then Kuldeep must be the love child of Sobers and Imran